DCMAW-11006: Move Dequeue infrastructure files into test resources directory (#373)
govuk-one-login/mobile-id-check-async: helper-scripts/README.md

### What it does

> This script provides the ability to deploy a `backend-api` stack and a `test-resources` stack in the AWS dev account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script provides the ability to deploy a full backend application. This includes the cloudfront distribution, backend-api and test-resources applications. It also sets up local `.env` files for API testing.
```

Author: Updated.

The deployed stacks will be named as follows:

- `<your-stack-name>-async-backend`

> - `<your-stack-name>-test-resources`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<your-stack-name>-test-resources`
- `<your-stack-name>-async-backend-cf-dist`
```

> Note: This script will generate individual `.env` files your `backend-api` stack and `test-resources` stack to allow api testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This script generates individual `.env` files your `backend-api` stack and `test-resources` directories. This completes all setup needed to run API tests against your deployed backend application.
```
